Replace remaining uses of pylibssh in headers (#804)
ansible/pylibssh: docs/changelog-fragments/804.contrib.rst

> Replace remaining pylibssh names with ansible-pylibssh in file headers -- by :user:`Jakuje`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standalone mentions of ``pylibssh`` have been replaced with ``ansible-pylibssh`` in file license headers -- by :user:`Jakuje`.
```
